80 update episode objectives (#81)
carpentries-incubator/Natural-language-processing: episodes/01-introduction.md

::: keypoints
-   NLP is a subfield of Articifial Intelligence that, with help from Linguistics, deals with processing, understanding, and generating natural language data.
-   Linguistic data has unique properties that make it challenging to process computationally: it is unstructured, ambiguous, context-dependent, and varies significantly across the 7000+ human languages.
-   Tokenization is the foundational step in NLP: splitting text into meaningful units (tokens) creates the structure that all downstream algorithms
  require.

> -   LLMs are a subset of NLP, not a synonym for AI: understanding NLP fundamentals (tokenization, statistical models, evaluation, ...) can help to trace errors, detect biases, and use LLMs more critically and effectively.

Reviewer: Somehow this seems off. Perhaps this?

```suggestion
-   Language Modeling is a subset of NLP, not a synonym for AI: understanding NLP fundamentals (tokenization, statistical models, evaluation, ...) can help to trace errors, detect biases, and use LLMs more critically and effectively.
```

> -   Text pre-processing is a pipeline of decisions: character cleaning, tokenization, lowercasing, and lemmatizing are common steps that can be used to improve the performance of your task.

Reviewer: I am slightly concerned about the amount of jargon introduced here (tokenization, lemmatization). But maybe it is fine.

Author: well, i thought since these are key points at the end of the lesson, they could also highlight what was the core vocabulary learned here
